Thu Sep 18 10:16:05 CEST 2014 Using temporary properties file schilling1411028165general
Thu Sep 18 10:16:05 CEST 2014 Expanding properties in file ecda.general.properties to temporary file schilling1411028165general ...
Thu Sep 18 10:16:05 CEST 2014 Expanded properties file has 21 lines.
Thu Sep 18 10:16:05 CEST 2014 Including expanded properties file from schilling1411028165general ...
Thu Sep 18 10:16:05 CEST 2014 deleting schilling1411028165general ...
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split6 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split6/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split6/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split7 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split7/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split7/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split8 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split8/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split8/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split9 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split9/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split9/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split10 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split10/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split10/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split6 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split6/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split6/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split7 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split7/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split7/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split8 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split8/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split8/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split9 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split9/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split9/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split10 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split10/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split10/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split6 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split6/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split6/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split7 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split7/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split7/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split8 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split8/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split8/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split9 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split9/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split9/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split10 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split10/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split10/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split6 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split6/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split6/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split7 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split7/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split7/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split8 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split8/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split8/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split9 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split9/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split9/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split10 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split10/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split10/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split6 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split6/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split6/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split7 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split7/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split7/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split8 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split8/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split8/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split9 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split9/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split9/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split10 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split10/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split10/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split6 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split6/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split6/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split7 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split7/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split7/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split8 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split8/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split8/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split9 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split9/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split9/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split10 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split10/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split10/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split6 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split6/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split6/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split7 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split7/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split7/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split8 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split8/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split8/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split9 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split9/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split9/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split10 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split10/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split10/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split6 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split6/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split6/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split7 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split7/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split7/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split8 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split8/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split8/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split9 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split9/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split9/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split10 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split10/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split10/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split6 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split6/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split6/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split7 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split7/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split7/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split8 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split8/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split8/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split9 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split9/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split9/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split10 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split10/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split10/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split6 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split6/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split6/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split7 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split7/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split7/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split8 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split8/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split8/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split9 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split9/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split9/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split10 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split10/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split10/bestSampleDiff
Thu Sep 18 10:18:35 CEST 2014 Using temporary properties file schilling1411028315general
Thu Sep 18 10:18:35 CEST 2014 Expanding properties in file ecda.general.properties to temporary file schilling1411028315general ...
Thu Sep 18 10:18:35 CEST 2014 Expanded properties file has 21 lines.
Thu Sep 18 10:18:35 CEST 2014 Including expanded properties file from schilling1411028315general ...
Thu Sep 18 10:18:35 CEST 2014 deleting schilling1411028315general ...
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband1/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband1/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband2/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband2/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband3/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband3/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband4/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband4/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband5/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband5/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband6/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband6/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband7/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband7/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband8/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband8/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband9/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband9/Split5/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split1 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split1/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split1/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split2 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split2/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split2/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split3 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split3/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split3/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split4 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split4/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split4/bestSampleDiff
determining best model (table identifier: intra_fm_time) ...
    ... in folder /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/Splits/intra/Proband10/Split5 ...
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best accuracy)    to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split5/bestAcc
    ... writing hyperparameters (based on best sample diff) to /acogpr/mhh/ECDA2014/models/intra_fm_time/Proband10/Split5/bestSampleDiff
